(PUBLISH 6/28/24 Lunchtime): Docs for watchOS and 7.5.0 release 6/28/24 (#17734)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/watchOS/instrument-watchos.mdx

        struct Watch_App: App {
            @WKApplicationDelegateAdaptor var appDelegate: WatchAppDelegate
        }
    ```

## Enable New Relic with watchOS extension [#watchOS-extension]

1. Add the `WKExtensionDelegateClassName` key in your WatchKit extension’s `Info.plist` file. This automatically creates a delegate object named `ExtensionDelegate`. For more information [WKExtensionDelegate](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/watchkit/wkextensiondelegate).
1. In the `ExtensionDelegate` class you created, add the `applicationDidFinishLaunching` function. 
1. As close to the start of `applicationDidFinishLaunching` as possible add `NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken: "APP_TOKEN")` replacing `APP_TOKEN` with your [application token](/docs/mobile-apps/viewing-your-application-token). Your code might look like this:

    ```swift
    import WatckKit
    import NewRelic
        
    class ExtensionDelegate: NSObject, WKExtensionDelegate {
        func applicationDidFinishLaunching() {
                NewRelic.start(withApplicationToken: "APP_TOKEN")
                return true
            }
        }
    ```

## Limitations to the watchOS platform [#ios-limitations]

> Apple doesn't provide the same iOS APIs to the watchOS platform. This means that certain iOS agent features are not yet available on watchOS. We seek to have parity in our platforms, so as Apple releases new functionality we will continue to investigate solutions. Here are some known, currently unsupported features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple doesn't provide the same iOS APIs to the watchOS platform. This means that certain iOS agent features are not yet available on watchOS. We seek to have parity in our platforms, so as Apple releases new functionality we will continue to update the agent. Here are some known, currently unsupported features:
```

* Crash handling: PLCrashReporter is a third party library that the agent uses, which is not compatible with watchOS.
* Crash count: Because crashes are not reported on watchOS, we can't collect crash count.
* Handled exceptions: The agent captures and uploads handled exceptions, but New Relic can't currently display them.
* Background harvesting: If `NRFeatureFlag_BackgroundReporting` is enabled, the agent will continue to monitor the application, but won't harvest or upload to New Relic while in background.
* Offline marked events: If `NRFeatureFlag_OfflineStorage` is enabled, the agent can store offline harvests, then send them when online. Events created in an offline state, however, won't be marked as such on the attribute level.
* Hot/Cold app start times: The agent depends on UIKit notifications to capture hot/cold start times, but this information is not yet available for watchOS.

> If you need additional help, get support at [support.newrelic.com](https://support.newrelic.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need additional help, you can reach support at [support.newrelic.com](https://support.newrelic.com).
```
